The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, one of the things that they say, people that have been abduct,
like had Travis Walton, this guy I've seen, I've.
Seen I've, I've watched.
It, his bobblehead. Yeah. I've watch it.
He's very compelling in his descriptions of his, uh, encounter with these, uh,
beings. But one of the things that he was saying was they were talking to him,
but it wasn't with words. Like they, they,
they were communicating with him and he understood what they were saying,
but it wasn't, he wa they weren't saying things in a like,
Hey Travis, why don't you relax? Cuz we're here from planet whatever it is.
The information was flowing faster because it was like, boom, right away.
What I think you get is yes.
They were, were explaining things to him in some sort of a telepathic way. Wow.
And it was mind blowing to him.
And I think that that's probably the future of communication.
Just like you can transmit information from phone to phone.
Right. You can call people they're nowhere near you, but you can talk to them.
You can send a video to someone it's going through the air. It's just data.
Right. It's just information. Do.
Do you think Travis and Lazar and all these guys that have
extraordinary claim believe what
they are telling you? I, I don't know if, what they believe is true,
but what do you think they believe what they are telling you in a way that
they're not lying. They're telling the truth of what.
They're believing. I can't tell for certain, but I believe Bobar.
I believe what he's saying is true. I believe he's telling me now, Bob,
he had one moment where he was passing by a window and he said he saw
something that was small and these people were standing over it and he doesn't
know. He didn't know if it was, uh,
an alien or whether it was a, uh, like a, uh,
a, you know, some sort of a,
a form that they were trying like a,
a doll or something that's supposed to represent the size of an alien or some
sort of a model of an in. But he remembers,
he looked briefly through a window and he saw something small.
He didn't see it move around. He didn't see it talk.
So he doesn't know what he saw. Yeah. Because in his world, as he explained it,
when he was working at area area 51 site four,
that's where he worked. He said that it was very compartmentalized.
And these thing is one of the problems with them trying to figure out.
Now this is assuming he's telling the truth. Yeah, of course. One of the,
the problems they were trying to figure out was how to back engineer
these devices, these, these ships.
But the problem was they weren't allowed to communicate with other people
outside this very limited group of people that had access to these,
these vehicles and the people that were involved in the metallurgy were not
allowed to communicate with the people that were involved in, um, the, uh,
whatever the propulsion system was. They didn't understand what the prop,
they were trying to decipher these things, but he said,
and if you listen to the podcast that I did with him, that it didn't,
it didn't work because the scientific method requires multiple people to
communicate and share ideas and explain, and they didn't do that.
You can't improve.
Like that. Right. You need to share idea.
You can't do something and com everything. But.
My communication with him, I, I, again,
I don't know if he was telling me the truth, but he didn't seem deceptive.
And he's a brilliant guy when you, yeah.
It's clear. He's clearly like borderline genius. You hear him speak.
He's very educated.
And the thing, some of the things that he talked about came to fruition,
like one of the things,
there was a concept of this thing called element 1 15, 1 15,
right now that was not really proven until the two thousands or somewhere in the
two thousands. They,
they used a particle Collider and created this thing where it was a very
unstable, very shortlived particle.
But he was saying that wherever of these beings are from,
they have figured out a way to utilize a stable version of this element one
15. And that's how they propel themselves.
The th the things that he was describing were also exactly the same
things that were experienced by commander David Frager,
who was a guy who was a jet pilot. I saw. Yeah. Yeah.
And so he experienced this thing move in that same direction, that same way,
where there was no visible propulsion system,
but they tracked this thing going from 80,000 feet above sea level to one in
one second. So that's the amount of time that it takes radar to, to,
to track this. So it might have been less than a second. Yeah.
This thing traveled from 80,000 feet to 1000, no time.
For, to one feet. It's, it's made a thing in the, with the hand, he says,
you measure the, the, the distance between the bone and the, you know, like, uh,
when you get in, you know,
you put your hand in it and measure the distance between your bone and the,
and the.
Scanner. Yeah. Yes. The.
Scanner, there is a lot of things like this and know, like Zacharia,
Sitchin was, you know, like there's a lot of stuff that you,
you can think of that,
how could they know that at the time, but it's man.
It's well, the Zacharia HIIN stuff is interesting. Right? That's all the,
the Sumari text. Sumari text is some fascinating stuff,
because it's all from sixth, the thousand years ago. And by the way,
Zacharias Hitchen, he's very controversial. There's a,
he's even a website called sitin is wrong, is wrong. Yeah. Dot com.
And it's basically scholars of, uh,
ancient Sumerian who say that his translations are completely off,
but even if his translations are off,
there's still a lot of really confusing stuff about ancient sum air.
And one of the things is their depictions of the solar system.
They had a depiction of the solar system 6,000 years ago
that shows the sun in the center.
And it shows all of the known planets in the outside. And they're, you know,
they're, they're relatively accurate in terms of.
The size. Yeah. And how about the formation of the, her Tia,
Mar Mar I don't remember which one is what, but I, the, you know,
that's formation of the, Earth's the model that the, we, we use today.
Well, the scientist, the belt, like that's the, the model that, that we,
we used today, how did he knew that.
At that time? That's, I don't know how they knew that when,
when you're saying it's earth one and earth two,
and what that means is that there was an,
an original version of earth and then earth was hit by another planet. Mm-hmm,
<affirmative> at some point in the distant, distant pass,
and that's what created the moon. And that's all what created the.
Asteroid belt that goes on the different direction than the rest of the, the,
the planet. Like they, they knew that too well. There's.
Also a thing called BS law and BS law measures the distance between planets
and it's based on the mass of the planet.
And they figure out because the mass of the planet,
how far these planets are from, for on each other.
And one of the things that that up is the asteroid belt. I think the,
what I might be wrong about this, but the,
the distance between Mars and Jupiter is, uh,
one of the things that screws that up.
And they think that's explained by the asteroid belt that some collision created
this asteroid belt and created, uh, all of the, I mean,
there's something like 900,000 known near earth objects
that're created by the impact of these planets.
One thing I believe, and I'm sure you the same,
because you had a lot of these guys on your podcast, Graham, Randall,
Carson, um, John West, like it's,
there is clearly knowledge that we've lost. Yes. In the past,
like, this is for sure. Like,
just think about the Alex library of Alexandria. Yes, man.
Imagine the knowledge that it wasn't there before it burned. I know. Imagine.
Oh man. Imagine.
That people, the, we lost like 1 million,
like just when it burns that of knowledge, you know,
medicine and bot me science. It's just crazy to think of.
So some very often, sometime when crazy stuff happen like that,
like I just think that perhaps they have knowledge that that
knowledge that we lost, like, just think about the Greek fire.
It's a weapon that was used in the Naval battle. And it's, it's, it's really,
really known about historian. You can research.
They still don't know exactly how it works, but it was so destructive.
It was like, at that time it was like a secret weapon.
Like they didn't wanna share.
And it was known to be very efficient and Naval battle.
I don't know what that is. I don't know about Greek.
Fire. Great fire. If you go Greek fire, you'll get it. Boom. It, it used to,
it was used in Naval battle. So we used to troll,
they used to troll fire flames.
And you used to people that got that, that are burning,
they still burn in the water. So they think it was made with some kinds of,
or, or, or they still don't know. They don't, they cannot recreate it.
And it's clearly something that a lot of historian have talked about.
It's called a Greek fire. It's just an example that it's clear that it's it's,
uh, technology that we have lost. Well.
If you just look at the pyramids,
the pyramids are a perfect example of technology loss.
It's almost like the best example, like the, the, those ancient civilizations,
almost letting everyone know, Hey,
there is information that we have the at so above and beyond,
what's expected of people from this era. Yeah.
Because if you think about people that lived 2,500 BC,
you don't think about someone that had the kind of proficiency to create
something that when people don't understand,
it's not just that the pyramids were big,
but they were so perfectly designed when they put all the stones,
they reached the top.
Like if anyone was off by even a half an inch at the bottom,
as time went on an inch here, an inch there, by the time they got to the top,
it would be all up course. It wouldn't be perfect,
but the pyramids were so amazingly perfect.
And they were originally covered in smooth limestone,
a smooth polished limestone. That would probably be insane to look at.
If you were staring at it from a distance like this immense structure of 2
million, 300,000 stones, some of them cut from quarries, hundreds of miles away,
all perfectly aligned and put together by these people that lived
thousands and thousands of years ago, you.
Know, the most color would say that they use a ramp. But if you think about it,
like there's other scholars that would counter that by saying the,
the construction of that ramp need to be in an angle that it could be
so difficult to do that. It will challenge the constriction of the pyramid.
You know.
Again, it's like maybe they use a ramp. I don't know what they used. They have,
we don't know. Yeah. But what,
whatever they used it's so amazingly precise.
Yeah. That they were able to make this 2 million,
300,000 stone structure. This still to this day, I haven't been,
but I have friends that have gone, like, uh, my friend,
Andrew Schultz just went, uh, Danica, Patrick, the race car driver.
She told me she just went people that I know that have been my friend,
Eddie Bravo, when he went, he is like, like, you get to you're like, what the?
It's so big. Apparently that.
It's like an awakening. Yes. That.
Our, our idea of what it is when you see it in a photograph looks incredible.
But I guess I need to, cause I guess when you see it in person, it's just a,
like a complete reset. Like you, it recalibrates what people are capable of.
Cause you have to think like, man, this is, this is 4,500 years old.
Think.
About Dar KU you go back. Yes.
Man. It's it's, Jeff's that thing.
Thousand years older, right? Yeah. It's like 12, 12,000 years old, you know,
at like, like at least like how can you, how do you conceive that?
And sometime what happened is it get, uh, you know,
and infected by it.
I priv by other civilization that passed there after that, that construction.
So they think they are the one that built it. I think it's is it, um,
PON the one that there's clearly two different technology, you see the,
the stone are perfectly aligned with like perfectly cut. Yeah.
Then you have other stone that are just on top. Like it's like a,
but butcher's job, you know,
and it's clearly not the same technology,
the same people that built these two layers, you know, so, well.
That was also John Anthony West concept of Egypt that there's multiple eras
and that the, if you go deeper,
like some of the stuff that they found when they dig deeper in the sand
different construction method, it looked different, different designs. And,
but still equally complex and fascinating. It's like,
there's probably many errors of human civilization and there's probably
been whatever it is,
whether it's disease or some sort of a natural disaster or
something that happened as Royal impact was John Anthony war was, uh,
Randall Carson's and Graham Hancocks. Yeah. That's their theory.
Is that 12,000 years ago at the end of the place, the scene era. Yes.
But you almost APN is date to 3000, 3000 years old.
Uh, you know, for, so imagine that how many, 3000? No, no,
ho SAP almost almost is 3000.
I think it's older than that. I think it's several hundred thousand three.
Three, 300,000, sorry. Oh yes, yes. Three, 300,000. Sorry, my English. Yeah. Oh,
almost Sapian is 300,000 in Morocco. It just, I'm a hundred percent sure.
That's why I, I read about, uh, this kind of.
Stuff. I think they think it's somewhere in that neighborhood. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But, but, so if you take that 300, 300,000, sorry,
300,000 time to, for an evolution, right?
Why would it be only in the last 12, 10,000 years that.
We would, you know, invent such yeah. Invent structures.
It's kind of strange. It doesn't make sense to me.
Well, it's also, we're so different from all the other animals.
Like we're the only animal that wear shoes.
We're the only animal that wears clothes.
We're the only animal that really manipulates its environment the way we do.
I mean, other animals think, you know, bees make beehives and like that,
but they don't do anything remotely interesting in comparison to what we're
capable of doing and what we have done for thousands and thousands of years.
And why, you know,
one of the things that Bob Lazar said that he was when he was at area, uh,
S four at area 51 S four,
was that one of the things that they were telling him was that human beings are
the product of accelerated evolution.
And that these creatures occasionally come back to check upon our progress and
yeah, which is crazy. Wow. But,
but that might be how it works throughout the universe is that these beings that
are very far advanced,
they come back and they see these creatures that are pretty close and they give
'em a little boost. They push,
push 'em ahead a little bit because otherwise it would take so long.
And maybe we don't have them amount of time because of the fact that we're in
this shooting gallery of asteroids,
that these things come down and whatever progress you make is wiped out by
impacts or by super volcanoes. It.
It it's crazy, but it's not that crazy.
If you look at the belief of human being to evolution, you know,
like in ancient Greek, they believe in different. They,
they were believing in different gods, like in, in yeah. Different times,
different civilization at different belief.
Now some people believe Jesus walk on water, you know, which is fine too.
That's their belief. You know, if you believe that human was, you know, the,
the, the result of, and like alien being, you know, it's another belief,
you know, like it's not everybody believe in different things. You know,
it's not that crazy. If.
You think about what we doing, it's not catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.